# 选词填空

## 1

Exercising for just 10 minutes a week is linked to a longer life, according to a new study published in _The British Journal of Sports Medicine_. 

Several recent studies have found that even low-intensity exercise, done for a short amount of time, can have a meaningful <u>F</u> on health. Still, the idea that exercising for just 10 minutes a week may be enough to increase your lifespan is novel. It’s also somewhat <u>D</u>, since the federal physical activity guidelines recommend getting at least 75 minutes of vigorous exercise or 150 minutes of <u>H</u> exercise each week. 

The study was based on data from more than 88,000 U.S. adults who <u>I</u> in the National Health Interview Survey between 1997 and 2008. 

Contrary to some research that has found an <u>O</u> limit to the amount of exercise that is healthy, the researchers found that there was <u>M</u> no limit to the longevity (长寿) benefits of exercise. Even the small group of people who got 10 times the amount of exercise recommended by the federal government had a 46% lower <u>L</u> of death than the least active group. 

Still, observational studies like this one cannot prove cause and effect; they can only find <u>J</u>. The researchers also were not able to <u>A</u> for certain lifestyle factors that could affect lifespan, including dietary habits and changes in physical activity over time. Despite these <u>G</u>, the study’s results are yet another indication of the power of physical activity, even in small amounts.

A. adjust
B. alter
C. approximately
D. controversial
E. coordinates
F. impact
G. limitations
H. moderate
I. participated
J. patterns
K. populated
L. risk
M. seemingly
N. type
O. upper

## 2

A number of studies have looked at how family life can affect productivity and satisfaction in the workplace. However, there has been <u>O</u> little research on the influence of leisure activities. So Ciara Kelly and colleagues recruited 129 hobbyists to look at how the time spent on their hobbies <u>N</u> their work life. 

The researchers found that when participants spent longer than <u>A</u> on their leisure activity, their belief in their ability to perform their job was strengthened. But this was only the <u>B</u> when they had a serious hobby that was dissimilar to their job, or when their hobby was similar to their work but they only did it <u>C</u>. When their hobby was both serious and similar to their job, then spending more time on it actually decreased their work <u>D</u>. 

Why might that be? To maintain a serious hobby, people need to invest significant psychological resources, say the authors — so if the activity has the same kinds of demands as their work, they may be left <u>F</u> and unable to perform well at their job. But if their hobby is quite different from their career, it may not <u>H</u> in the same way but instead help them develop other knowledge and skills that can <u>A</u> their confidence at work. “Consider a scientist who is a keen rock climber,” says Kelly. “Since climbing is so far <u>L</u> from their day-to-day work activities, they can still recover from the demands of their job with plenty of resources.”

A. boost
B. case
C. casually
D. efficiency
E. estate
F. exhausted
G. faculty
H. interfere
I. normal
J. prevalent
K. relative
L. removed
M. scratch
N. shaped
O. surprisingly

## 3

When people set out to improve their health, they usually take a familiar path: starting a healthy diet, getting better sleep, and doing regular exercise. Each of these behaviors is important, of course, but they all <u>D</u> on physical health — and a growing body of research suggests that social health is just as, if not more, important to <u>F</u> well-being. 

One recent study published in the journal PLOS ONE, for example, found that the strength of a person’s social circle was a better <u>E</u> of self-reported stress, happiness and well-being levels than fitness tracker data on physical activity, heart rate and sleep. That finding suggests that the “<u>K</u> self” represented by endless amounts of health data doesn’t tell the whole <u>N</u>. 

There’s also a qualified self, which is who I am, what are my activities, my social network, and all of these aspects are not <u>M</u> in any of these measurements. 

This idea is supported by plenty of <u>H</u> research. Studies have shown that social support — whether it comes from friends, family members or a spouse — is <u>O</u> associated with better mental and physical health. A rich social life, these studies suggest, can lower stress levels, improve mood, encourage positive health behaviors and discourage damaging ones, boost heart health and improve illness <u>L</u> rates. 

Social isolation, meanwhile, is linked to higher rates of physical diseases and mental health conditions. It’s a significant problem, <u>C</u> since loneliness is emerging as a widespread public health problem in many countries.

A. base
B. eagerly
C. especially
D. focus
E. indicator
F. overall
G. preached
H. prior
I. prompt
J. puzzle
K. quantified
L. recovery
M. reflected
N. story
O. strongly

# 阅读理解

## 1

One of my bad habits is saying “busy” when people ask me how I’m doing. Sometimes it’s because I actually am busy, but other times it’s because that’s what I think I’m supposed to say. That’s what important people say. That’s what people who get promoted say. But working long hours doesn’t drive better results. Never taking a vacation won’t lead to a promotion. So why are we so proud to talk about how busy we are all the time? 

In 2016, researchers from Columbia, Harvard, and Georgetown conducted a study to figure it out. They found busy people are perceived to be of high status, and interestingly, these status attributions are heavily influenced by our own beliefs about social mobility. In other words, the more we believe that one has the opportunity for success based on hard work, the more we tend to think that people who skip leisure and work all the time are of higher standing. 

That’s why we feel like we have to appear busy, and there’s a real perception that if someone is knee-deep in meetings, emails and stress, then they’re probably a big deal. This culture of busyness is making it hard for employees to find work-life balance. According to a recent study, one in five highly engaged employees are at risk of burnout (精疲力竭). 

Personally, I’m going to stop saying “busy” when people ask me how I am. It sounds self-righteous (自以为是的) and sets the wrong tone. Phrases like “I have limited access to email” and “I’ll respond as soon as I get back” sound like you’re being held against your will from working as opposed to making the most of your time off. 

That’s why we recently launched the Out of Office Email Generator, a free tool you can use before your next long weekend or trip. You can share loud and proud that you won’t be checking email until you’re back. Managers need to think twice about emailing their teams on the weekend and talking about how busy they are. Leaders should take time off themselves and encourage employees to do the same.

46. What is a reason for the author to be in the habit of saying “busy” when asked how he is doing?
- [x] A. He just follows successful people’s example.
- [ ] B. He is actually proud to be fully occupied.
- [ ] C. He thinks everyone should be devoted to work.
- [ ] D. He believes busyness ensures accomplishments.

47. Why do we tend to think that busy people are of high status?
- [ ] A. Our status can be attributed to our social mobility.
- [x] B. We hold the belief that hard work leads to success.
- [ ] C. Our own opportunity for success never comes easily.
- [ ] D. We find few people of high status have time for leisure.

48. What do we learn about the culture of busyness from a recent study?
- [ ] A. It places employees in endless meetings, emails and stress.
- [ ] B. It compels some 20% of employees to appear always busy.
- [ ] C. It distorts many employees’ belief of what a satisfying life is.
- [x] D. It does much harm to many busy employees’ well-being.

49. What do such utterances as “I have limited access to email” sound like according to the author?
- [ ] A. One is too busy to check all emails in time.
- [ ] B. One is opposed to the prevailing work culture.
- [x] C. One is forced by circumstances to stop working.
- [ ] D. One is simply enjoying their time off work.

50. Why did the author and his colleagues launch the Out of Office Email Generator?
- [ ] A. To enable busy employees to spend less time checking emails.
- [x] B. To ensure employees as well as employers truly have time off.
- [ ] C. To stop managers from talking about how busy their teams usually are.
- [ ] D. To encourage both employers and employees to answer emails promptly.

## 2

Female employees consistently pay lower airfares than men do for the same flights because they tend to book earlier. 

We compared the airfare paid by employees in the same position within a company for the same class of travel and used a common statistical technique to account for other factors that might affect differences in airfares. We found that women paid on average 18 less per ticket than their male colleagues. Further investigation allowed us to conclude that this gap is largely explained by the fact that women tended to book earlier than men, 1.8 days on average. 

We wanted to determine what was causing these gender differences in booking business trips so we tested a variety of possible explanations, such as women choosing to plan ahead or male frequent travelers being inclined to book late. None of these explained away the gender gap, so we applied data collected from surveys that express consumer preferences that play a central role in economic decisions, such as patience and risk avoidance. 

We found that only the concept of “negative reciprocity” — in which an employee who feels unfairly treated engages in negative behaviors, such as spending their company’s money less carefully — explains these differences. The surveys showed men tend to exhibit more of these negative behaviors than women. This isn’t to say that all men engage in these behaviors — or that booking relatively late is a sign of abnormal behavior. It only means that the gender gap disappears when we plug in the negative reciprocity variable. 

Prior research on negative reciprocity among workers found that it can result in lower employee motivation, business performance and workplace morale (士气) and culture. 

Our results show another way these negative behaviors can manifest themselves, like in airline bookings, and add to evidence that women are less likely to engage in them. 

Companies spend significant sums of money on business travel. While that \$18 difference per ticket may seem small, it adds up. Our analysis suggests early booking by women can translate into savings of \$1 million a year for a large multinational company with 20,000 regular travelers.

51. What did the author’s team conclude about the gender difference in airfares from their further investigation?
- [x] **A.** It is largely attributed to women booking earlier than men.
- [ ] **B.** It is largely explained by women’s choosing cheaper flights.
- [ ] **C.** It is mainly accounted for by male employees’ readiness to pay more.
- [ ] **D.** It is due to the fact that women care more about their company’s money.

52. What did the researchers want to determine by testing a variety of possible explanations?
- [ ] **A.** What made male frequent travelers book air tickets late.
- [ ] **B.** What caused women to plan ahead in booking business trips.
- [ ] **C.** What motivated women to book cheaper flights.
- [x] **D.** What accounted for the gender gap in airfares.

53. What happened when the negative reciprocity variable was taken into account?
- [ ] **A.** Both men and women were found to engage in negative behaviors
- [ ] **B.** Neither men nor women viewed booking late as a bad behavior.
- [x] **C.** The gender difference in airfare expenses no longer existed.
- [ ] **D.** The gender gap tended to narrow to a significant degree.

54. What did prior research on negative reciprocity among workers find?
- [ ] **A.** It can do more harm to the workplace than to employees.
- [ ] **B.** It contributes to the male-female divide in the workplace.
- [x] **C.** It proves to be counterproductive in a number of ways.
- [ ] **D.** It can result in increasing labor-management conflicts.

55. What does the author emphasize about their analysis in the last paragraph?
- [x] **A.** It can help companies increase their savings significantly.
- [ ] **B.** It can duly contribute to companies’ business performance.
- [ ] **C.** It can translate women’s booking practice into men’s behavior.
- [ ] **D.** It can enhance large multinational companies’ competitiveness.

## 3

Having a rival can keep you committed to achieving your goals and enhance your overall performance. But before you go out and find an entrepreneur to outcompete, it’s important to understand and avoid the traps that often come with rivalry. After all, competitive rivalry can also hinder effective decision-making and increase your willingness to take risks, behaviors that can ultimately hurt your venture’s success. 

Finding someone you’re committed to outcompeting can be a great way to stay focused on your goals and push your venture to the next level. But when you’re intently focused on outperforming your rivals, you may begin to develop a “win-at-all-costs” mentality that causes you to ignore how you achieve success. One group of researchers, for example, examined the link between rivalry and unethical behavior. They found that when people compete against their rivals, they are more willing to behave unethically to win. But such behavior may stain your reputation and strain relationships important to your success. One way to avoid this trap is to stop and reflect on what’s important. While outperforming your rivals may provide short-term benefits, the loss of your integrity will have long-term consequences. 

One reason having a rival can enhance your venture’s performance is that it creates a level of excitement that drives you to work harder. But this eagerness to win may also hurt your venture’s success, particularly when it causes you to make impulsive, insensible decisions. But it’s possible to avoid such costly mistakes by making a habit of engaging in critical thinking, such as considering opposing viewpoints and conducting cost-benefit analyses, especially for those decisions that are complex and can determine the future of your venture. 

The sense of eagerness that comes with having a rival can not only cause you to make poorer decisions, but it can also lead you to take greater risks that put your venture in peril. One way you can overcome the risk-inducing effects of rivalry that stand to endanger your venture’s success is to remain attentive to your emotional state and actively monitor how such feelings are affecting your decision-making.

46. How can competitive rivalry benefit entrepreneurs according to the passage?
- [ ] A. By enabling them to outcompete other entrepreneurs.
- [ ] B. By enabling them to make their venture a success.
- [ ] C. By helping them to reach long-term goals.
- [x] D. By helping them to stay goal-oriented.

47. What is one of the traps entrepreneurs may often fall into when competing with rivals?
- [ ] A. They may adopt strategies that are bound to ruin their venture.
- [x] B. They may resort to unethical means to outperform their rivals.
- [ ] C. They may be too eager to succeed while ignoring the huge labor cost.
- [ ] D. They may be intently focused on winning at the current market level.

48. What are entrepreneurs advised to do to avoid traps that often accompany rivalry?
- [x] A. Deliberate on what really matters.
- [ ] B. Prioritize reaping immediate benefits.
- [ ] C. Estimate the long-term consequences.
- [ ] D. Reflect on what successes are achievable.

49. How can entrepreneurs avoid making impulsive and insensible decisions?
- [x] A. By engaging themselves in critical reasoning.
- [ ] B. By developing a habit of keeping their integrity.
- [ ] C. By criticizing themselves for previous poor performances.
- [ ] D. By refraining from being too excited about their successes.

50. How can entrepreneurs overcome the risk-inducing effects of rivalry?
- [ ] A. By paying close attention to their current performance.
- [ ] B. By taking steps that stand to endanger their rivals’ success.
- [ ] C. By monitoring how their decision-making impacts their mentality.
- [x] D. By keeping their emotions in check to avoid making poor decisions.

## 4

A multitasker is one who can perform two or more tasks effectively at the same time, which — apart from the obvious differences — is similar to what a computer does. The concept does indeed come from the realms of technology, where it is used to refer to an operating system that can execute multiple tasks at the same time. However, the question is: can a person really be a multitasker? 

For most scientists, the answer is no. So much so that, according to experts in neuroscience (神经系统科学), our brains do not handle multitasking situations well. As soon as two tasks require our attention, productivity suffers. What we call multitasking, therefore, is in reality the ability to move more or less quickly from one task to another. This requires two essential conditions: that one of the tasks needs to be automatic, like walking or eating, and that they both need different mental processes. Answering the phone and writing at the same time, for example. 

However, on the other side of the coin there are people who maintain that it is possible to be, or at least seem to be, multitasking. A recent study concluded that regardless of whether people are actually handling several tasks or not, the mere fact that they perceive this activity as multitasking has a positive effect on their performance. 

The business perspective offers a different view: multitasking is understood as the ability to adapt to all types of environment within a company and effectively undertake different activities within a set time frame. Indeed, many companies look for people who are skilled in multitasking to improve their productivity. From this different perspective, you can not only be multitasking but this ability can also be taught: something that is easier in fluid organisations, which favour flexibility in their working practices. 

The benefits of multitasking are clear. Being quicker and more efficient increases our performance and the number of tasks completed. But having to pay attention to several things at once means that the powers of concentration are reduced and that can lead to more mistakes.

46. What does a “multitasker” originally refer to?
- [x] A. An operating system capable of doing several tasks at once.
- [ ] B. A skilled worker executing more than one task at the same time.
- [ ] C. A sophisticated technology doing several tasks effectively at once.
- [ ] D. An efficient person able to perform multiple tasks at the same time.

47. Why can’t people really be multitaskers according to neuroscientists?
- [ ] A. They are not sufficiently exposed to multitasking situations.
- [ ] B. They are not comparable to mechanical operating systems.
- [x] C. Their brains do not allow them to multitask.
- [ ] D. Their attention span cannot be expanded.

48. What do we learn from the conclusion of a recent study on multitasking?
- [ ] A. People make greater achievements by maintaining whatever they are doing is multitasking.
- [x] B. People’s performance benefits from the perception of what they are doing as multitasking.
- [ ] C. People’s active mental processes exert a positive effect on their multitasking.
- [ ] D. People can improve their capabilities by handling multitasking situations.

49. How does the business world view multitasking?
- [ ] A. It is a rare skill often found in fluid organisations.
- [ ] B. It is an adaptable capability required of all workers.
- [ ] C. It is an essential quality many employees lack.
- [x] D. It is a desirable ability that can be developed.

50. What does the author imply we should do if we have to focus on some task and do it well?
- [ ] A. Work in a flexible way.
- [ ] B. Learn from mistakes.
- [x] C. Avoid multitasking.
- [ ] D. Increase efficiency.

## 5

In the history of horse racing, few horses have captured the affection of the British public like Red Rum. Today, three decades after his retirement, he is still one of the best-known and most beloved racehorses of all time.

Red Rum was passed around to several owners before being purchased for Noel Le Mar. The agent who made the purchase was the now-legendary horse trainer Donald “Ginger” McCain.

It wasn’t apparent at the time, but Red Rum had a serious bone disease in his foot. For many horses (and many trainers) this would mean the end of a racing career before it even began. For Ginger and Red Rum, though, it was just an obstacle to greatness that had to be overcome.

Red Rum’s true talent came out in steeplechases (障碍赛马). His power, speed and jumping ability carried him to his first Grand National title in 1973. The very next year, Red Rum returned to take his second title. He was the first horse to take successive firsts since Reynolds town in 1935 - 1936. Red Rum’s spirit and grace had already begun to charm the leagues of Grand National fans.

In the following two years, Red Rum lost out on the title, coming in second both times. When he returned in 1977 to try again, he was largely regarded as past his prime. He was 12 years old and not expected to place highly. He surprised sporting fans around the world when he came in a remarkable 25 lengths ahead of the nearest horse, taking his third Grand National win. To this day, Red Rum’s third win is known as one of the greatest moments in horse racing history.

Red Rum was headed for the Grand National once again in 1978 but suffered an injury in one of his heels shortly before the race. He was retired soon after, but his public life and fame by no means decreased with the end of his career. Red Rum traveled all over the country for various engagements. He often led pre-race parades at Aintree Racecourse and was a popular guest at charity benefits and public events.

46. What do we learn from the passage about Red Rum the racehorse?
- [ ] A. He captured public affection long before he won national titles.
- [x] B. He won enormous fame and love from British people.
- [ ] C. He became a myth three decades after his retirement.
- [ ] D. He owed his great success to several well-known horse trainers.

47. What did the serious bone disease in Red Rum’s foot mean to himself and his trainer?
- [x] A. It was simply a hindrance they had to get over to excel.
- [ ] B. It was surely a disadvantage though not considered fatal.
- [ ] C. It was actually the end of a racing career that had just begun.
- [ ] D. It was really a major obstacle hard to overcome on their own.

48. What does the author say Red Rum did with his power, speed and jumping ability?
- [ ] A. He won his first Grand National title at 12.
- [ ] B. He took two firsts successively in 1935 - 1936.
- [ ] C. He surprised sporting fans worldwide in 1973.
- [x] D. He took three Grand National wins in the 1970s.

49. What did people generally think of Red Rum when he returned to the racecourse in 1977?
- [x] A. He had already passed the peak of his racing life.
- [ ] B. He would have no rival in Grand National steeplechases.
- [ ] C. He had lost his charm with the leagues of Grand National fans.
- [ ] D. He could be expected to repeat his glory in the prime of his career.

50. What became of Red Rum after his career ended?
- [ ] A. He suffered from severe pain in a heel.
- [ ] B. He spent almost all his time traveling.
- [ ] C. He lived on various charity benefits.
- [x] D. He remained famous and popular.

## 6

People in business often make decisions based on their own personal feelings or instincts. It is quite horrifying to see people being guided by some unknown force. But how wise is it, really, to let your instincts drive your decisions?

In the decision-making process, relying on instincts only makes sense when you have a vast experience to support you. Simply “feeling” that something is right or should be done is highly subjective and can drown you.

On the other hand, there is a more rational approach to making decisions. Data and analysis have long been associated with informed decisions. These reduce the likelihood of errors and increase the chances of success. Big, systematic data is mostly the foundation of most of our decisions, personal and business alike. But with its extreme usability comes a complication: what do you do if you strongly feel something should not be done, even if the data insists that it should?

This seemingly easy question is what drives the need to understand the relationship between instincts and data in the decision-making process. Without making things complicated, the solution to this dilemma is using data and instincts in conjunction to arrive at the best possible decisions. Instinctive decisions are always backed by previous experiences or information, which acknowledges that instinctive decisions have worked in the past. Decisions are not about making the choice and braving the consequences because you want to blindly trust your instincts. They are about combining your inner wisdom with the knowledge of systematic data to make the best decisions.

Sometimes, rational analysis and data are impractical to be employed in certain situations. Absence of definitive criteria, and time and resource constraints, and novel situations are instances which limit the practicality of data. The only feasible option is to rely on what your instincts tell you. In these situations, instincts can help you make effective and quick decisions.

Combining instinctive and rational analysis produces well-rounded decisions. It reduces the chances of making mistakes, and has increasingly become a favorite approach to decision-making among leaders of today.

51. What does the author say businesspeople often do?
- [ ] A. Strive to make sense of some unknown forces.
- [ ] B. Avoid being driven by their own feelings.
- [ ] C. Draw on a vast wealth of past experience.
- [x] D. Rely on instincts in decision-making.

52. What should we take into account in order to make informed decisions?
- [ ] A. The likelihood of errors.
- [x] B. Systematic data and analysis.
- [ ] C. The complexity of circumstances.
- [ ] D. Personal feelings and business strategies.

53. What should people do in a decision-making process if instincts disagree with data?
- [ ] A. Resolve the dilemma with previous experience.
- [ ] B. Figure out which of the two is more reliable.
- [x] C. Combine the two together.
- [ ] D. Prioritize instincts over data.

54. What should we do when facing various factors that limit the practicality of data?
- [ ] A. Make a rational and systematic analysis.
- [ ] B. Explore the most feasible options.
- [x] C. Resort to our inner wisdom.
- [ ] D. Apply definitive criteria.

55. What does it take for decisions to become the best according to the author?
- [x] A. Applying instincts and data in conjunction.
- [ ] B. Assessing all factors when making a choice.
- [ ] C. Recalling what has actually worked in the past.
- [ ] D. Refraining from trusting instincts arbitrarily.
