## Unit 2

**1)**

During economic crisis, people don’t feel safe to ______ their money in any financial program recommended even by banks with good reputations.

 **A. invest**拿钱投资
 B. save
 C. reserve
 D. entrust

**2)**

You have to be ______ and cancel your marriage plan without any hesitation if you think that he is not reliable and responsible.

 A. optimistic
 **B. realistic** 切合实际的不要去盲目结婚
 C. romantic
 D. fantastic

**3) **

While animals aren’t people, he says it is ______ to make the inference that an effect found in rats may also apply to humans.

 A. typical
 **B. logical** 动物到人类因为有逻辑
 C. radical
 D. practical

**4)**

World War II, the most ______ war in history, was a disaster for humankind, in which about 60 million people lost their lives.

 A. competitive
 B. representative
 C. objective
 **D. destructive**二战毁灭很大

**5)**

Opinion polls are now beginning to show the consensus about the ______ that high unemployment is probably to stay.

 A. prosperity
 B. aspect
 C. scope
 **D. prospect**失业就业的前景都很高

**6)**

Since your daughter is ___________ to catch a cold, you’d better take her to a hospital and give her a thorough physical examination.

 A. liberal
 B. reliable
 C. logical
 **D. liable**容易感冒

**7)**

The quality of the faculty and graduate students, combined with a(n) ______ scientific atmosphere, makes the university a unique place to pursue graduate study.

 **A. outstanding**科学氛围要杰出
 B. understanding
 C. demanding
 D. corresponding

**8)**

The new government has decided to invest more to create jobs, expand education, ______ health care, and reduce taxes by adopting a series of new policies.

 **A. reform**市长要改善一切
 B. release
 C. revise
 D. reduce

**9)**

Professor Chen complained that he had been unable to ______ any Ph.D. students for more than five years and it seemed that no one wanted a doctorate in humanities.

 A. reject
 B. release
 **C. recruit**教授招收不到研究生
 D. regulate

**10)**

Einstein wrote to President Franklin Roosevelt and suggested that the United States should ______ its atomic research program and make building the bomb a top priority.

 **A. accelerate**加快制造原子弹
 B. accumulate
 C. speculate
 D. calculate

**11)**

The continual source of our strength was our mutual trust and respect and time will ______ what we feel about each other.

 **A. confirm**时间会证实一切
 B. admit
 C. guarantee
 D. secure

**12)**

What is somewhat encouraging is that all participants from the European Union now sense the pressure of working toward ______ to the debt crisis.

 A. foundations
 B. donations
 C. evolutions
 **D. solutions**解决债务危机

**13)**

Curious tourists, visitors, and newspaper reporters from every corner of the world were ______ upon the small place where Steve Jobs was born.

 A. falling
 B. pouring
 **C. descending** （descend upon）空降
 D. plunging

**14)**

When he bought Penny her favorite book, the Harry Potter book series, she gave him a ______, sweet smile of thanks.

 A. actual

 **B. genuine**真诚的微笑

 C. real

 D. authentic

**15)**

He got drunk and came back very late, ________ which time all the guests had already left as they had to catch an early plane the following day.

 A. at
 B. after
 **C. by **固定搭配 （by which time)到那时
 D. during

**16)**

________ it was on the side of a mountain, the small village was very quiet and the view was superb.

 A. Having lonely and isolated as
 B. Having been alone and isolated if
 **C. Lonely and isolated as** 孤独且独立的地方才是最美的
 D. Alone and isolated if

**17)**

Michael Phelps, __________ the feet are bigger than others, won eight gold medals at the National games.

 A. whose
 **B. of whom** 其中
 C. of who
 D. whom

**18)**

A pen is to a writer __________ a gun is to a fighter.

 A. as
 B. like
 **C. what**（就像
 D. that

**19)**

Whatever I say or whatever I do was viewed through the politics of race, faith, and original nationality, so __________.

 **A. were my setbacks** 歧视是我的挫折
 B. my setback were
 C. my setbacks are
 D. are my setbacks

**20)**

In no country ________ Britain, it has been said, can one experience four seasons in the course of a single day.

 A. less than
 B. more than
 C. rather than
 **D. other than**  除了英国



## Unit 3

**1)**

The student is working very hard as he knows that how well he is doing today can have a considerable __________ on his future.

 A. bore
 B. born
 **C. bearing**  （现在做的事关系到未来
 D. bear

**2)**

Because of its geographical position, Germany’s __________ on the situation in Eastern Europe is rather different from Britain’s.

 A. prospect
 B. prosperity
 C. prospective
 **D. perspective** （两国观点不同

**3)**

We insist that students should give a truthful answer ___________ with what they understand about the reality of global economy.

 A. constant
 B. consecutive
 **C. consistent** （相符于
 D. conservative

**4)**

After a year of bitter arguments and careful planning, preparations for the Olympic Games are now __________ smoothly.

 A. processing
 B. preceding
 C. pressing
 **D. proceeding**（进行中

**5)**

The young man soon regretted（后悔） his __________ decision to get married as he had known his girlfriend for only three days.

 A. prompt
 **B. hasty**（仓促的）仓促的结婚一定会后悔
 C. instant
 D. quick

**6)**

I can’t cancel my arrangement at such a short __________, for I have already announced it to everyone concerned.

 A. warning
 B. information
 **C. notice**（通知）短短的通知无法有效通知
 D. schedule

**7)**

I don’t like to buy things with a label of “the latest technology”, since they are usually __________ to problems.

 A. likely
 **B. prone**（过时的产品**易于**出现困难
 C. potential
 D. possible

**8)**

He wanted to become a writer, but his father didn’t think it was a __________ profession, so he had to give it a second thought.

 A. respectful
 B. respective
 **C. respectable**（作家不是**可敬的**
 D. respecting

**9)**

These days the president of the college, together with the deans, __________ planning a conference for the purpose of laying down（**制定**） a series of regulation.

 A. were
 B. are
 C. was
 **D. is**)

**10)**

If you have never planted anything, you won’t be able to know the pleasure of watching the thing you have planted __________.

 **A. grow**
 B. to grow
 C. grown
 D. to be grown

**11)**

The back garden of our house is very pretty and contains a beautiful lawn, __________ very pleasant to sit on in summer.

 A. where is
 B. which it is
 C. it is
 **D. which is**

**12)**

Once __________, this nuclear power station will supply all the neighboring towns and villages with clean and low-cost electricity.

 **A. completed**
 B. it completed
 C. it being completed
 D. it completes

**13)**

There was a terrible car accident this morning. According to the witness, the taxi driver was __________ for the accident.

 A. to be blamed
 B. to have blamed
 **C. to blame**
 D. to be blaming

**14)**

People are aware that coal, which has gone to mass production, is still a finite resource, though _________ than either oil or gas.

 **A. a much more abundant energy source**
 B. the much more energy abundant source
 C. much more energy abundant source
 D. energy source more abundant

**15)**

He might have been killed __________ the timely arrival of the ambulance and immediate operation in the hospital.

 A. besides
 B. except for
 **C. but for**
 D. except

**16)**

The winter was very severe, especially at night, so the mom had to put an extra blanket over the baby for fear that __________.

 A. he catches a cold
 B. he be catching a cold
 C. he caught a cold
 **D. he would catch a cold**

**17)**

Because of the shortage of money, they’ve set up a plan __________ they can spread the cost over a quite long period.

 A. whereabouts
 B. wherever
 C. whereas
 **D. whereby**

**18)**

I usually keep my place clean, but I’m afraid I’ve rather __________ the house this week, and it’s kind of a mess now.

 A. forgot
 B. discarded
 **C. neglected**
 D. missed

**19)**

The audience applauded enthusiastically as the girls from the ballet school performed a __________ dance.

 A. grateful
 B. gracious
 C. gradual
 **D. graceful**

**20)**

All the flights __________ because of the snowstorm, we had to take the train instead, though it would take much longer time.

 A. were canceled
 B. had been canceled
 C. having canceled
 **D. having been canceled**



## Unit 4

**1)**

In my opinion, it is not good ________ him for help since he is very selfish and always indifferent to other people and their matters.

 A. turns to
 **B. turning to**
 C. turn to
 D. turned to

**2)**

The government claims to be trying to do all it can to ________ corruptions, but it is usually easier said than done, so the public is pessimistic about it.

 **A. eliminate**
 B. cancel
 C. ignore
 D. fight

**3)**

Being both spoiled and lazy from his childhood, he now feels like a failure, but it is a shame that he ________ everyone for his lack of success.

 A. criticizes
 **B. blames**
 C. charges
 D. accuses

**4)**

He thinks about nothing but playing video games all day long, without any interest in anything else. I think he’s totally ________ to it.

 A. obsessed
 B. attracted
 **C. addicted**
 D. hooked

**5)**

The young man had ________ some clever ideas that helped the company make huge profit; consequently, the young man was promoted quickly.

 A. come out
 **B. come up with**
 C. come up to
 D. come up

**6)**

No matter how successful we are or how much we have achieved so far, we shouldn’t get ________ since there are more difficulties ahead of us.

 A. encouraged
 **B. contented**
 C. satisfactory
 D. depressed

**7)**

To my surprise, the majority of the students ________ in favor of his proposal while for last year responses from students were entirely different.

 A. is
 **B. are**
 C. be
 D. was

**8)**

Americans eat ________ as they actually need every day; they actually waste almost half of what they take in daily.

 **A. twice as much protein**
 B. protein as much twice
 C. twice protein as much
 D. protein as twice much

**9)**

Air pollution is becoming worse. As is known to all, air to us is ________ water to fish. No one can imagine how human being can live without air.

 **A. like**
 B. as
 C. what
 D. that

**10)**

Not only ________ difficult to light, but it also smelled of oil. I simply cannot bear it, so would you please replace it with something else for lighting?

 **A. was it**
 B. it made
 C. did it made
 D. it was

**11)**

________ the valuable and timely help from their group, we would never have succeeded in our project, which was challenging and time-consuming.

 A. Besides
 B. Regardless of
 **C. But for**
 D. Despite

**12)**

Jason failed one of the exams, but we should make ________ for the fact that he had been ill and absent from class for a whole year.

 A. permit
 **B. allowance**
 C. permission
 D. consent

**13)**

Here are my questions: Can we reach a ________ on this issue? What if we can’t? Who is going to bear the consequences of that?

 A. conscience
 B. consciousness
 C. consequence
 **D. consensus**

**14)**

I love to walk and do outdoor exercises, so if you are going out for a walk, I’ll be only too happy to come along and keep you ________.

 **A. company**
 B. companion
 C. companionship
 D. companies

**15)**

Should the opportunity ________, I’d love to go to Egypt to see with my own eyes the great pyramids, one of the ten civilizations in our world today.

 A. rise
 B. raise
 **C. arise**
 D. arouse

**16)**

Even though the football team is popular, I’m still ________ about its chance of winning, but he absolutely disagrees with me.

 A. surprised
 B. reluctant
 C. reliant
 **D. skeptical**

**17)**

The common sense is if you ________ drinks, fatty foods, and cigarettes now, you’ll be far healthier and live longer for sure.

 A. put off
 B. set off
 **C. keep off**
 D. take off

**18)**

On January 1st, people usually make a New Year’s ________ such as quitting smoking or losing weight, but it’s never an easy job.

 A. resolve
 **B. resolution**
 C. decision
 D. determination

**19)**

If you want to join the student club on campus, you must ________ by its rules no matter who you are and what you do.

 A. comply
 **B. abide**
 C. observe
 D. obey

**20)**

It has been reported that the old houses are to be torn down in order to make ________ for a new post office for the neighboring communities.

 A. road
 B. path
 C. avenue
 **D. way**



## Unit 5

**1)**

The National Bureau of Statistics will release series of economic indicators, including inflation, investment and social ________.

 A. process
 B. economy
 **C. consumption**
 D. expense

**2)**

Her proposal was turned down since all the board members thought it was ________ nonsense.

 A. unmixed
 **B. sheer**
 C. unalloyed
 D. steep

**3)**

We’ve done our ________ to make the process as simple as possible.

 A. terminal
 **B. utmost**
 C. supreme
 D. extreme

**4)**

After he was attacked, he managed to ________ to the phone and call for help.

 A. stabber
 B. pound
 **C. stagger**
 D. turn

**5)**

The more they ________ into his background, the more inflamed their suspicions would become.

 A. researched
 **B. probed**
 C. examined
 D. explored

**6)**

Universities have offered ________ business courses to respond to students' demands for more business knowledge.

 A. temporary
 B. conservative
 C. voluntary
 **D. optional**

**7)**

The stock price fluctuations have sparked the investor’s concern about insider trading and market ________.

 A. management
 **B. manipulation**
 C. transaction
 D. treatment

**8)**

AIDS has become one of the first killers to human beings. Despite their lack of success so far, scientists have ________ in their research for a cure for AIDS.

 **A. persevered**
 B. suspended
 C. insisted
 D. retained

**9)**

The politician was very skillful in persuading people, but this time people criticized him with severe comments as his speech was confusing and full of ________.

 A. contrary
 **B. contradictions**
 C. contrasts
 D. conflicts

**10)**

The house needs to be remodeled, but ________ the terms of the contract signed, the tenant must get prepared to do it himself, not the landlord.

 A. in the quest of
 B. as a consequence of
 **C. in accordance with**
 D. in collaboration with

**11)**

They attributed her success in her career ________ steady encouragement and generous help she received from her parents.

 A. with
 B. into
 C. on
 **D. to**

**12)**

It is reported that more than 50, 000 nuclear weapons in the hands of various nations today are more than ample ________ every city in the world several times over.

 A. destroy
 B. destroying
 C. to be destroyed
 **D. to destroy**

**13)**

Considering the rapid increase of private cars and the reconstruction of many new roads, it was my proposal that new traffic regulation ________ drafted.

 A. were
 B. to be
 **C. be**
 D. being

**14)**

________ as a psychologist with all kinds of people, I’ve learned that successful people aren’t necessarily the ones with the greatest natural talent.

 A. Being worked
 **B. Having worked**
 C. To work
 D. Worked

**15)**

There are over 100 night schools in this district, making it possible for anyone to be re-educated no matter ________ he does as a job or career.

 A. where
 B. when
 C. how
 **D. what**

**16)**

Not for a moment ________ the truth of the report from the daily newspaper. However, it turned out to be a forged story.

 A. doubted we
 B. we had doubted
 **C. did we doubt**
 D. we have doubted

**17)**

In this article we’ll learn what the chemical is, where it comes from, why it is used, and if makeup with it as an ________ is a good choice for you.

 A. factor
 B. element
 **C. ingredient**
 D. material

**18)**

Don’t take it as an ________ if I go to sleep during your speech; I’m very tired.

 **A. insult**
 B. invasion
 C. greeting
 D. aggression

**19)**

Despite much research, there are still elements in the life circle of the insect that ________ not fully understood or explained.

 **A. are**
 B. is
 C. to be
 D. being

**20)**

Since the safety issue for school children has become more concerned by the public, in certain countries the law ________ parents to send their children to school.

 **A. obliges**
 B. conforms·
 C. imposes
 D. submits



## Unit 8

**1)**

Don’t let such a ________ matter as this come between us so that we can concentrate on the major issue and work together to achieve our goals.

 A. slight
 B. minimum
 **C. trivial**
 D. partial

**2)**

Astronauts should be very strong in health, so they are ________ all kinds of tests before they are finally sent up in a spacecraft.

 **A. subject to**
 B. objected to
 C. prone to
 D. bound to

**3)**

Such specialists in the hospital are experienced in teaching patients how to deal with their stress and fears and, eventually, ________ them.

 A. overlook
 B. overtake
 **C. overcome**
 D. overwhelm

**4)**

It is announced that a wallet has been found and can be ________ at the manager’s office if the person can show proper ID and tell what is inside the wallet.

 A. declared
 **B. reclaimed**
 C. recognized·
 D. obtained

**5)**

Satellite communications are so up-to-date that even when ________ in the middle of the Pacific, businessmen can contact their offices as if they were next door.

 A. patrolling
 B. piloting
 **C. cruising**
 D. gliding

**6)**

Even though the universe is mysterious, the ________ of the scientific attitude is that the human mind can succeed in understanding the universe.

 A. sequence
 B. presence
 C. content
 **D. essence**

**7)**

In this factory the machines are not regulated ________ but are jointly controlled by a central computer system which works very efficiently.

 A. independently
 B. irregularly
 C. irrespectively
 **D. individually**

**8)**

Historians have always thought that Jefferson’s death on the Fourth of July was a remarkable ________, but it now seems quite possible.

 A. accidence
 B. occasion
 **C. coincidence·**
 D. incidence

**9)**

When you try to define a new word in English, be ________; the shorter the definition, the easier it is to remember.

 A. precise
 B. credible
 **C. concise**
 D. relevant

**10)**

When ________ the reason for their success, the kids had two explanations: hard work and their parents’ encouragement.

 A. asking
 B. had asked
 C. having asked
 **D. asked**

**11)**

No one can use cell phones in any areas at the hospital ________ equipment might be affected by the interference from cell phones.

 A. what
 B. that
 C. which
 **D. where**

**12)**

I firmly believe that people can actually do any job ________ that they get the right qualifications for it and work hard at it.

 A. lest
 B. granted
 C. despite
 **D. provided**

**13)**

He said that they had ________ been obliged to give up the wonderful program for students for the lack of financial support.

 A. forcibly
 B. graciously
 C. gravely
 **D. regrettably**

**14)**

As most of the students are aware, physical education is a(n) ________ part of our curriculum; a sound mind and a sound body are important.

 A. comprehensible
 B. fractional
 C. intact
 **D. integral**

**15)**

By the last quarter of the football game, the fans were almost ________ to losing, but two unexpected touchdowns grabbed victory.

 **A. resigned**
 B. retired
 C. resumed
 D. restrained

**16)**

According to what you have just said, am I to understand that his newly-offered job ________ no responsibility at all?

 A. possesses
 **B. carries**
 C. shoulders
 D. shares

**17)**

Intelligence officials working behind the ________ urged them to avoid further confrontation with anyone before their departure from the city.

 A. views
 B. scenery
 **C. scenes**
 D. sights

**18)**

Without telephone, it would be impossible to carry on the functions of ________ every business operation in the whole country.

 **A. practically**
 B. presumably
 C. preferably
 D. precisely

**19)**

The company is back to the right track. There is ________ that the new method has greatly raised labor productivity.

 A. not denying
 **B. no denying**
 C. not to deny
 D. not to be denied

**20)**

The atmosphere at the college is that of an adult environment ________ a relationship of mutual respect is encouraged between students and professors.

 **A. where**
 B. that
 C. in where
 D. by which



## 367

peculiar